40 document that keywords are case insensitive (#103)
asam-ev/OpenCRG: content/06_opencrg_data_format/3_2_Data_file_structure.adoc

//TODO bytes as plural or byte as unit?
//TODO full-stop after image or table titles?

OpenCRG data is stored in a compact hybrid file format. Its first part is a plain text header containing sections for road parameters, data channel definitions, and further optional sections. The second part contains the data payload in plain text or binary representation.

The plain text header shall consist of records with a maximum length of 72 ASCII characters. Any characters beyond the maximum length of 72 bytes shall be ignored. All records shall be terminated by LF or CRLF.

> Use of character sets beyond ASCII is limited to comments in the plain text header. Using 8bit character sets like ISO8859-1 or variable byte length character sets like UTF-8 may be possible, but the maximum record length shall be 72 bytes. Any use of non-ASCII characters is strongly discouraged, since the representation of the non-ASCII characters may fail in non-consistent environments. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use of character sets beyond ASCII is limited to comments in the plain text header. Using 8bit character sets like ISO 8859-1 or variable byte length character sets like UTF-8 may be possible, but the maximum record length shall be 72 bytes. Any use of non-ASCII characters is strongly discouraged, since the representation of the non-ASCII characters may fail in non-consistent environments. 
```

Reviewer: I think eventually we should deprecate ISO 8859-1 and switch to UTF-8, which should by now be very widely supported. But since the standard previously said the file was in ISO 8859-1 encoding, this will need a version number or some marker at the top of the file to indicate the encoding.

> All keywords used for sections or parameters inside the sections shall follow the rules of a simple variable naming convention: first character is a letter A-Z, next characters are letters A-Z, digits 0-9 and underscores`_`. The maximum keyword length is 31 characters. All keyword letters are treated case-insensitive. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All keywords used for sections or parameters inside the sections shall follow the rules of a simple variable naming convention: first character is a letter A-Z, next characters are letters A-Z, digits 0-9 and underscores `_`. The maximum keyword length is 31 characters. All keyword letters are treated case-insensitive. 
```
